On the battlefield there lives a mercenary...
a reckless soldier known for completing impossible missions.
He has survived many wars...
his presence has been feared for decades.
even today ...
his skills on the battlefield remain unmatched.
But no one knows his name.
this asian soldier has never been photographed...
No survivors have witnessed his actions.
his missions have never been documented.
it is unclear whether these are acts of a single man...
or a few operating under the same rogue identity.
when the smoke clears...
all that remain are tales of the legendary...
Reborn Ghost of the Battlefield.
His presence cultivates awe.
his enemies fear him...
we should all fear him.